# This folder contains a set of example points.
# Example usages are :

uls-calc -m 1BE1F     1N1F.dat
uls-calc -m 1DME      1N3F.dat
uls-calc -m 2DME      2N3F.dat
uls-calc -m 3DME      3N3F.dat
uls-calc -m 1BE2F     1N2F.dat
uls-calc -m 1BE3F     1N3F.dat
uls-calc -m 2BE1F     2N1F.dat
uls-calc -m 2BE2F     2N2F.dat
uls-calc -m 2BE3F     2N3F.dat
uls-calc -m 3DMEsct   3N3F.dat
uls-calc -m 2RES      Res.dat
uls-calc -m 2RESsp    Res.dat
uls-calc -m 1BE1F_PBH PBH.dat

uls-calc -m 1BE1F     --inv 1N1FIO.dat
uls-calc -m 1DME      --inv 1N3FIO.dat
uls-calc -m 2DME      --inv 2N3FIO.dat
uls-calc -m 3DME      --inv 3N3FIO.dat
uls-calc -m 1BE2F     --inv 1N2FIO.dat
uls-calc -m 1BE3F     --inv 1N3FIO.dat
uls-calc -m 2BE1F     --inv 2N1FIO.dat
uls-calc -m 2BE3F     --inv 2N3FIO.dat
uls-calc -m 3DMEsct   --inv 3N3FIO.dat
uls-calc -m 2RES      --inv  ResIO.dat
uls-calc -m 2RESsp    --inv  ResIO.dat
